# Archival-Devices
https://rougayyahjalloh.github.io/Archival-Devices/ArD.html
# Number-Systems
https://rougayyahjalloh.github.io/Archival-Devices/Number%20Systems

# Things I Learnt
I learnt many things by doing this project about Archival Devices (Printers & Tape Storage) as well as other computer hardware systems. The first being how printers were originally created. When printing was invented, it was noted that there was a general desire in people forlearning throughout Europe and this invention made books cheaper and improved the ability in people to read more books. In order to grasp more knowledge, people started to learn to read and in order to communicate with others who were not within the talking distance, they started to learn writing. This created the revolutions of printers. Printers are very important in our society because they help create physical copies of data we put in our computers. I learnt this by doing in-depth research on Binary Systms as well as other number systems in printers and tape storage. Although, it was kind of difficult to find a direct link of printers to number systems, I was able to find out more about how binary coding is used for colour (RGB) in digital imaging. This is the basis for the inks used to print color in magazines. Because the inks can't do a perfect job of making colors,  printers also use black ink (referred to as K) and the printer's color space is called CMYK. I was also able to learn about about cryptography and its uses in printer codes to provide better security for printer companies. 

# Things I still want to learn 
Although, I was able to learn many things about archival devices, their importance in our society and how number systems are closely related to how printers are able to function, there are many things I would still like to learn about archival devices and computer hardware in general. For example, I would like to learn more about the process of printing. I was able to do research about digital imaging through Binary Systems,but I had a harder time doing research about how the numbers are translated in order to tell the printer to print an image or a series of texts. I am also interested in learning a little more about the technology behind printers from different places around the world and how engineers/designers from other countries are able to design different printers (ex. 3D printers) for many industrial uses like Medical, Architectural, Aerospace and many more. Learning about computer hardware in a more global perspective would furthur help my understanding about different input and output devices in general since our society today is very advanced and many countries around the world are developing their own versions/types of technology. Learning about devices from other countries could help us think about the differences between our audio devices for example that have been manufactured in Canada and audio devices from Korea. People like me, who are interested in how technology works and how to create better prototypes in the future would benefit from learning about devices made in other countries since we would be able to know how to improve our own devices.  
